A word about ellipses matching non-sequences (#823)
returntocorp/semgrep-docs: docs/writing-rules/pattern-syntax.mdx

Half or partial statements can't be matches; both of the examples above must specify the contents of the condition’s body (e.g., `$BODY` or `...`), otherwise they are not valid patterns.
:::

### Matching single items with an ellipsis

While ellipses generally stand for sequences of like elements, they
are also supported in other contexts where they would match
any single item. The following pattern is valid in languages with a C-like
syntax even though `...` matches a single boolean value rather than a

> sequence:

Author: Note that I don't like the use of the term "operator". I'm not sure why we use it in this document. It's confusing because it's not used in the sense of "special syntax for a function application" as in `2 + 2` or `!cond`.

> sequence:

Reviewer: @mjambon what term would you propose instead of operator?

```java
if (...)
  return 42;
```

> Another example where a single expression is matched by an ellipsis is
> the right-hand side of assignments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another example, where an ellipsis operator matches a single expression,
is the right-hand side of assignments:
```
